Presumptuous dare to see the queen to the queen
Empress
I am ordained by the Empress Dowager
Specially come to save the people of Bailing County
This is the emperor's personal jade pendant
I still need to explain to you why I burned people
Empress
Please help me
You won't stop the plague at all.
He just tied up sick people and burned them alive
Yeah, how dare you pariahs talk nonsense
Empress
It's true.
There are already hundreds of corpses of military prisoners outside the city, right?
Empress
Help, help, I thought I could deceive this official with a broken jade pendant and an imitation knife
You are the only pariahs who believe your nonsense
This Bailing County is far away
Just as the plague was spreading
How could it be possible to worship the queen here?
Impersonating Qingchai is a capital offense
Dare to impersonate the empress
I think you are tired of living, come on
Get it for me
Who dares to suffer?